---
layout: post
title: ...the blogging begins.
category: meta
---

A couple of years after this whole blogging trend has been getting kinda stale,
I decided that it was high time for me to begin blogging.

Wait, why? Why should I? There are enough blogs already!

Personal reasons, of course! Firstly, because I miss it. I used to write, and
I used to write a lot. But, when I left a certain part of my internets life
behind, the writing stopped. Writing gives memories and keeps me smart, so why
would I not? Secondly, I believe that I can write interesting and intriguing
things. I just need to exercise that to become better at it.

---

My problem regarding things like this has pretty much always been discipline.
I am a procrastinator, and the more time passes, the worse I get. So, today
I did something I usually advice against; I imposed a technical solution to
a problem not of a technical nature. I actually blocked some sites from my
computer. So now, I cannot access [Facebook][fb], [Hacker News][hn],
[Twitter][tw], [imgur][imgur] or [4chan][4chan]. They are redirected to a black
hole.

I chose to still be able to access them from my phone, which means I can still
procrastinate while I'm on the move, aka on the commuter trains. I am just so
fed up by the fact that I can sum up most of my days with "I spent the day
refreshing websites hoping that something that could change my life would pop
up. It did not."

I quickly noted that I had some kind of urge to check some of them out. Just
a quick check. The realization of this saddened me and gave me a very late
insight into how compulsively I am a slave to the content of the internets.
It's like those people that are addicted to MMORPGS, but tragic in a different
way. It's time to break free of that. I literally have a thousand better
things to do!

Oh, and worth noting is that I will be available as usual on the Facebook
chat. I'm cutting my procrastination, not my connections with my friends.

---

So, I will try to regularly write about stuff that intrigues, perplexes and/or
amazes me. That means that I will write of thoughts and ideas, of actual
adventures, of nerdy shit I do with my computer, and maybe (just maybe) the
occasional piece of creative writing.

---

So, if this just turns out to be one of these blogs that only has the one "I
should start blogging! :)" post, remind me that I should be better than that.
Also remind me that I should write more cheerful blog posts, since this is
a pretty somber start of what is going to be an awesome adventure of writing.

&lt;3


[fb]: http://facebook.com
[hn]: http://news.ycombinator.com
[tw]: http://twitter.com
[imgur]: http://imgur.com
[4chan]: http://4chan.org
