---
layout: post
title: A Stream of Thoughts
category: post
---

Onoes! The **New Blog Syndrome** struck again! A month has passed without me
updating.  Cue the obligatory post about why this is happening! This post is
also a random collection of thoughts of things going on right now. Because of
reasons.

---

I've been out sick pretty much half of October. I don't recommend it. I was one
of the first to fall in the recent wave of late-fall colds, and in true
man-with-a-cold fashion, I was practically entirely non-functional for the
entire duration of my sickness. And of course, I returned to work too early,
and I went bad once again and prolonged my sickness for another week.

2/10 should not do again

---

Whilst not sick, I've met some new people. Two of them, separately and on
different occasions, asked me what country I was from! They could not believe
I was from Sweden because I have such a heavy English accent and mix so much
English into my casual speech. It's actually difficult for me to put down into
words how happy this makes me, but it do. I am very glad that I get to spend
my days speaking English, and I have noted that every now and again, we
converse in English in the apartment as well. Happi tears. &lt;3

---

Anyway, while I was out cold (hehe) I decided to revamp my life a bit. I read
[a very interesting blog post][177] about a guy that made at least one
contribution to GitHub every day for almost half a year, pretty much solely by
riding on the powers of habits. Since I am one of the least habitual people on
the planet, I decided to try this and see if it would improve my habits.

So far, I've been doing it for 21 days (I started October 1st, so it's pretty
easy to remember). Thus far, it feels great! I am now everyday making the
concious decision of not procrastinating and rather creating something. Not
everything is a patch to a great and awesome Open Source project; updates to my
own projects, configurations, and this very blog will count; but at least I am
doing something every day.

---

Now that I have something that I do every day, I've scaled back on some other
things I've been doing a lot; watching TV series. The fall season started
recently, and some of my favorite series have begun airing new seasons.
American Dad, Family Guy, How I Met Your Mother, Walking Dead, Elementary,
Criminal Minds, etc. I feel like it is almost too many to count. So, I dropped
all of them but one.

I'd love to watch every one of them, but I did a very short calculation about
how many hours of my life I've spent watching these and other shows, and the
result was... depressing to say the least. I'd so much rather create and code,
since creating and coding always leaves me with a feeling of satisfaction.

---

One of the things giving me satisfaction right now is my insanely retarded
[doge][doge] project. I started it as part of my contribution streak, and I've
been patching it pretty much every day since. At first the response of it was
kind of lukewarm. Some people found it kind of giggly, but not much more than
that. Then, this Saturday evening, it went viral on Twitter or something.
I actually still don't know what happened, but suddenly the [Stars on
GitHub][stars] tripled (and landed on 100 whilst writing this!), [downloads on
PyPi][pypi] increased by over 2000, and I got multiple [pull requests][pr].

I was at a party during the time all of this happened, so I had no idea. When
I woke up on Sunday morning with a giant hangover, I had more action on my
GitHub then I've ever had. With the biggest smile on my face, I sat and merged
commits others had written for my project, and I felt the glimmering shine of
actual Open Source streaming out from my laptop screen. It made me genuinely
happy, and I am still riding the good feels from it.

I noted that some of the people that starred the project and interacted on the
pull requests are people from the community that I know and respect. This makes
the fangirl in me squee my pants so hard it's silly. &lt;3

---

So all in all, even though I've been home sick for the better part of this
month, it's been a really good one. Another!

---

And yes, the title of this blog post will indeed be the title to the 9th book
in the Game of Thrones series.


[177]: https://ryanseys.com/blog/177-days-of-github/
[doge]: https://github.com/thiderman/doge
[stars]: https://github.com/thiderman/doge/stargazers
[pypi]: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/doge/
[pr]: https://github.com/thiderman/doge/issues?page=1&state=closed
