---
layout: post
title: Irony
category: post
---

I love irony. Always have, always will. It's by far my favorite type of humour,
partly because it's smart but isn't necessarily pretentious; it requires some
intelligence to understand, but can still be applied on most things. I even
once started a community group for ironists, but after the five first joiners
thought sarcasm was irony I closed it down. Think about that for a second.

---

Irony is also constantly present in my life. Three days ago I [posted about how
proud I was over my contribution streak][177] being longer than the guy that
inspired me to do it. Not 48 hours later, I failed it. Yesterday marks the
first day in 179 days in which I did not contribute to the world of Open Source
software.

I never touched my computer during the work day because of meetings, and after
work I went straight to my friend Johanna. She had been in Thailand for
6 months, so I was very eager to meet her. After huggings and talkings for
a while, I decided to leave. The original plan was to go home, but I felt like
socializing a bit more with friends, so I gathered a gang and went for a couple
of beers at this new place on Fridhemsplan.

It wasn't until I was waiting for the bus home at 03:00 that a punch of
darkness hit my stomach. I had missed the entire window for contributing on
March 28th. When I got home, still drunk me thought a slight slip-up was fine
and faked a commit and went to bed. Ironically enough, sober me disagrees and
thinks that the attempt to save the streak is a sign that it's time to stop it.
Therefore, I am now calling quits on my first round of GitHub contributions.
Today I will not commit anything, effectively resetting my streak.

I will definitely do another one, but I will wait a month. During April, I want
to see how my routine and behaviour will be if I don't have the streak to think
of. I want to measure how much I will do without it.

---

So, today is a bit of a sad day, but not really. It was a fun experiment, and
I will always relish the fact that once I was proud and said I beat the 177
days, I borked it, haha. I'll still continue to contribute as much as I can,
I'll just have to revise my method. I'll probably start again in May or so,
because this was fun and made me better.

Now I just need to figure out what to do today since I am not to code. Movie
night perhaps? &lt;'3


[177]: http://thiderman.org/posts/177/
