---
layout: post
title: 177 days of GitHub
category: post
---

177 days ago I read [a blog post about 177 days of GitHub][177]. 177 days
later, I am at my [177th day of GitHub contributions][thiderman]! The
apprentice is now at the same level as the master, and as it seems I will
surpass him and carry his legacy forward!

It has been very interesting, and I've learned a lot about myself over the past
six months, especially about my habits. I'm very proud over the fact that
I have been doing this over almost half a year now. Granted, some days have
been less effective and meaningful, but I've still always managed to do it.

The only time I've actually employed trickery was when GitHub [changed the
rules about timezones][change]. Before this change, contributions ran on PST
(San Francisco time), meaning that my contribution window for a certain date
was 9:00AM - 9:00AM. One day not long ago, I was coding a bit just before
midnight. Before committing, I got a phone call. That call lasted a bit more
than an hour, so when it was done and I committed and pushed, my heart stopped.
My streak was dead. I calmly panicked and tried to figure out what happened.
When I found the blog post linked above, I decided that GitHub changed the
rules without me really knowing it, so I tricked the commit back into the
streak. Not the proudest moment, but hey.

---

Unfortunately, sometimes life comes in the way. Today was such a day. For more
than the last 24 hours, the systems I work with have been having... troubles.
Of course, this being the week when I am in a temporary leadership position,
this led to me being the one responsible of coordinating efforts to fix
everything that's broken. This is, as one can imagine, exhausting. Especially
if it drags on to the point where you need a lot of overtime. As such, my
contributions for today have been weak, but I have done them. And that's
a success to me, since I am at the point where I am almost amazed at the fact
that I can keyboard coherently.

So, all in all, I've become a better person since I now have at least a slight
sense of discipline, and I've contributed back to the world that enables me to
be them powerhouse of a hax0r I am today. 177 days, roughly ~900 commits, over
30 projects contributed to, and countless hours of awesome coding fun times!
It's a win-win, it feels awesome, and I hope that I will continue doing it for
way more than 177 more days!

And to that note, I will now collapse in the most collapsing way anything has
collapsed in quite a while. Bonne nuit.


[177]: https://ryanseys.com/blog/177-days-of-github/
[thiderman]: https://github.com/thiderman
[change]: https://github.com/blog/1793-timezone-aware-contribution-graphs
